divide README in several files (#5)
Pix4D/ntrip-catalog: README.md

In case there is an entry for your service, but no proper data is found, please ask the NTRIP provider to complete it with a pull-request.

## Contributing

> If you want to contribute to this project, read the file [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to contribute to this project, please read the file [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
